{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f1\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \i\fs22\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Patrick}{\operator Patrick}{\creatim\yr2002\mo5\dy9\hr23\min1}{\revtim\yr2002\mo5\dy12\hr15\min58}
{\version5}{\edmins7}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords2731}{\nofchars15570}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws19121}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\lang2057\kerning28\cgrid {\cgrid0 Winamp Remote Controller Suite.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Released under the GPL
\par }{
\par }{This is the readme file for the winamp remote controller.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Overview:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par Have you ever encountered one of these dire situations?
\par 
\par      Only one stereo, too many machines? 
\par      Can't... Raise... Bulk... - Must... Resist... Sofa... 
\par      I dream of the day I can put "written listening to winamp" on one of my products; 'til then, nobody must know I
\par      work with the stereo on... 
\par      We want to be able to share choosing the tracks on the winamp machine, but without playing musical chairs. 
\par 
\par Do you have Windows machines, networked via tcp-ip*?
\par 
\par * If not, why not?
\par 
\par If so, this may be the application suite for you!
\par 
\par And it's free!
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {What it does: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par The broadest overview would have to be that the winamp plugin gives winamp the ability to respond to control
\par messages from remote machines connected via a network.
\par 
\par In more concrete terms - install the plugin, and you can control winamp on machine 1, by using a client application on
\par machine 2.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {The Client 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par Installation:
\par 
\par Simply use one of the setup options in the setup provided.
\par 
\par Use:
\par 
\par Simply get the endpoint right (machine, endpoint - read it off the server messages form), and it should just work
\par 
\par I hope the interface is fairly self-explanatory - just try it out!
\par 
\par ps - right click the tray-icon for a menu, and left click for a quick pause, when the back manager calls.
\par The pause code actually tests to see if the server state is consistent with what you are seeing, and does not act if winamp
\par is already paused.
\par So you can *all* dive for pause at once (ish).
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {The Server 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par Installation:
\par 
\par Simply use the "Typical" setup or "Custom" and select the server plugin group.
\par 
\par The server plugin install option puts a shortcut to install the winamp plugin. Click on this while winamp is not running,
\par and restart winamp - the plugin is loaded automatically by winamp at startup, and it starts to export winamp's abilities
\par soon after, assuming all is well with your machine.
\par 
\par Use:
\par 
\par "Out of the box", this will work straight off for client, server and winamp all on the same machine.
\par 
\par To finally use the suite as intended, you will have to have a client remote to the winamp machine, that can "see" the
\par server endpoint.
\par 
\par New - now the locate servers function will find the local winamp server for you!
\par 
\par *Users without a network, or only dial-up read me 
\par - Without a known IP address, these calls, and the remote's operation can take a very long time.
\par In these cases, I recommend adding the line 
\par 
\par 127.0.0.1 localhost # this is the local loopback
\par 
\par to the Windows Hosts file.
\par What's the windows hosts file?
\par Well, in the Windows directory, or WinNT/System32/drivers/etc, there should be a file called (just) 
\par 
\par HOSTS
\par 
\par which contains a list of ip address lookups - win9x often has a hosts.sam sample file.
\par With the previous line added, the ip alias localhost is available as the local loopback address.
\par You could even add your machine name (try to resist the temptation to make it www.microsoft.com - it will "override"
\par real net aliases, and prevent you going there.)
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {What You will need: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par      The Installation process 
\par      Get the install files 
\par      Run setup 
\par      Select Your option
\par      - Typical gives you the server and the client.
\par      - Compact gives you client only.
\par      - Custom gives you option to select the client, server and MS OpenGL options. 
\par      Continue with the setup - to install the server, click on the "install server plugin" link 
\par      You are now ready to go - the client needs only the correct endpoint setting - the default should be OK.
\par      If you have trouble and the server is definitely running on a machine you can 'see', have a work with your network
\par      person, if you have one.
\par      If all else fails, drop me a line, maybe it's my fault, or I can help. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Requirements
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par      The Client 
\par      Win 9x/NT4 (dunno about NT3.5 - can anyone let me know?) 
\par      tcp-ip between the server and client on at least one port that is free you are aware of. 
\par      I think that's it 
\par 
\par      The Server 
\par      Win 9x/NT4 
\par      tcp-ip between the client and server on at least one port that is free you are aware of. 
\par      I think that's it 
\par 
\par Oh, and winamp and some block-rocking beats ;-)
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Future Plans: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     Imminent (know how to do it, but must sleep...) 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {     Client - implement multi-threading of client to prevent scary hangs
\par      Honest, it's not my fault... 
\par      Linux clients / shared libraries - courtesy of the sterling detective work by Ernesto Baschny 
\par      New Projects
\par      New Server Plugin using XMLRPC
\par      New Client using XMLRPC with modular architecture
\par      Client RPC DLL project for use in other projects
\par      Client XMLRPC DLL project for use in other projects
\par      Winamp RPC "SDK"
\par      - which may just be the IDL file - for the propellerheads out there
\par      - or a full template project in your choice of tool (as long as it's BCB) Anyone wishing to port to VC or rewrite in
\par      ANSI c++ - get in touch. 
\par      Linux projects and web server utility modules 
\par      Enhancements and rationalisation of the "API" prior to GPL release 
\par      Release under GPL 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\f1\lang2057\cgrid {     Distant (or next major version) 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {     Properly versioned RPC interface (backwards and forwards compatibility with all these new extensions
\par      guaranteed) 
\par      Greater set of protocols, for performance boost / ease of use on non tcpip (or just plain odd) net configurations. 
\par      Drag and dock with full view of windows - see below 
\par      Skinnable client (maybe winamp 2 \{3?\}/ real / kjofol compatible skin format) 
\par      Server: allow some "administrative functions" ie playlist tyranny to be applied to the client machines 
\par      Server: implement lightweight HTTP server for web administration 
\par      Client: produce portable ANSI c++ client for OSs capable of handling the RPC calls 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\f1\lang2057\cgrid {     Moon shooting (no idea if facility does or can ever exist) 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {     Client: Fix add directory function? - still open after 6 months! 
\par      Server: notify clients of winamp status asynchronously
\par      I do know how to do this, but I'm not sure if is solves more problems than it fixes... 
\par      Server: I have been asked this - send back the audio / video too!
\par      ?!*@ = what kind of networks do you guys have out there?
\par      And isn't this what Shoutcast is for? 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\f1\lang2057\cgrid {     Evident Insanity 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {     Client: port to PalmOS 
\par      And Windows CE 
\par      And MAC 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\f1\lang2057\cgrid {     Total and Utter Drooling insanity 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {     (moved here where it belongs) Server: execute the visualisation plugin remotely as well.
\par      Server: Port to all OSs, along with Winamp, of course 
\par      Produce prototype Bluetooth device using interface 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {About the author: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par what's to say - I hope to let my work speak for itself
\par 
\par Get in touch:
\par 
\par I have too few machines, or access to others', and too few network configurations to be able to test this thoroughly
\par 
\par If anyone notices any problems / interface quirks, I would love to hear from them: patrickmmartin@gmail.com
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\lang2057\cgrid {Application History: 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     14/05/02 fifteenth release - DCE compatible RPC interface and GPL release
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Important points: 
\par           The RPC interface is now DCE compatible. 
\par           Backwards compatibility had to be broken as a consequence. 
\par           Source released under the GPL. 
\par           Server enhancements: 
\par           Change in RPC interface to produce a DCE RPC compatible interface. 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           New interface support. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     14/10/00 fourteenth release - bug fixes and tidying up
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Winamp 2.6x NT4 showstopper bug fixed in server plugin. 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           When in tray with no visible windows, there is no taskbar icon. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     30/08/00 thirteenth release }{\endash }{ }{tidz up}{
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Small enhancment to clients view. 
\par           Default port now chosen to one more likely to be free. 
\par           List of known ports now 1000 items long (should help debugging RPC bind problems). 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Children forms can be dragged and docked to main window. State is of course, persistent. Enjoy. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     22/08/00 twelfth release - drag and drop fun! 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           None, though maybe it's getting to be time. 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Drag into the playlist window inserts into list at drop point.
\par           A bit of a performance hit, but what the hey? 
\par           Dragging selected files within the playlist window also inserts into list at drop point. 
\par           Autoload button on EQ form. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     18/07/00 eleventh release - new header file from Nullsoft! 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Fuller list of commands with descriptions!
\par           (OK, not very important) 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Shuffle and repeat now display their values - try the menus!
\par           These behave as per pause i.e. if your display state is correct, the action is invoked. 
\par           EQ is working!
\par           The behaviour is a little "beta", owing to the truly bizarre way winamp implements getting and setting the
\par           properties.
\par           The upshot is that for performance reasons, and to avoid users interfering with each other, the EQ is not
\par           updated regularly.
\par           Try the refresh button to see the results.
\par           Oh, and the winamp skin doesn't update, thought the settings are altered...
\par           You can alter it and see (and hear?) the results, however. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     18/07/00 tenth release - new "locate servers" function - connect yourself up with as little hassle as possible 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Suggestions have kept on rolling in - still under consideration! 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Any machines in the netwoprk neightbourhood can be "automatically" located and tested. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     07/06/00 ninth release - upgraded to C++ builder 4 - nice!, interface enhancements and few bug fixes 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Some more optimisations - should be a little bit more efficient on slower machines 
\par           Suggestions have been rolling in - now under consideration 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           interface overhaul - hope you like it. 
\par           nice full colour pictures. 
\par           overhaul of popup menu, should be more usable. 
\par           Bug fixed where update on song change kicked off endless updates. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     07/05/00 eighth release - minor interface changes and optimisations for the client
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           Icon animations for the clients connected - these do happen when there are client requests
\par           I hope it's useful to people (or just amusing) 
\par           string size returned clamped down to MAX_PATH
\par           - I hope this is the right upper limit, though you would have to go pretty over the top to hit this limit 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Various tweaks to attempt a consistent view when large fonts is on. 
\par           Slight change to commands toolbar as a result of the above. 
\par           Bug fixed where two updates of the playlist were being performed for one change of the list - this should
\par           save some time for those long playlists. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     31/03/00 seventh release - minor interface changes and optimisations for the client
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           None - can you believe it? 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           Some configurability and efficiency enhancements. 
\par                You can chose whether to automatically hide the upon startup. 
\par                You can chose whether to automatically restore the child windows . 
\par                The server poll interval is remembered, and has a niftier control (I think). 
\par                More subtly, the behaviour of the playlist editor has altered. If the update when list changes option
\par                (now default) is chosen, the list is not reloaded every song play. The other setting is as before:
\par                refresh the list every time the song changes. It's hard for the playlist to get out of step, but it can be a
\par                little hard on the network. I hope this takes some of the pain away. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     31/03/00 sixth release - minor interface enhancements of the client and server
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           The problem with non-thread safe code leading to intermittent corruption of the playlists for multiple clients
\par           is fixed: 
\par           the visible state of the server messages window is persistent. 
\par           animation of icons is still coming in the next version, see below. 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           The behaviour and number of sub forms has altered. 
\par                The network configuration is hideable, and the server poll time is configurable 
\par                The playlist form supports delete and drag and drop. Hope this is more useful. It's a little heavy on
\par                the network to delete, so be sparing 
\par                There is a new commands "toolbar" ,which can be used for ultra-friendly access to the basic
\par                commands. 
\par                The visibility and position of all the forms is saved on exit, and restored. Nice... 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     05/03/00 fifth release - minor interface enhancements of the client and server
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Server enhancements: 
\par           The server messages form has some nice new windows and enhancements: 
\par                the visible state of the server messages window is persistent. 
\par                the current clients of the server and their status are shown in a nice view (animation next version,
\par                once the images are good enough). 
\par                the notification messages added to the messages window are selectable. Just who is it who keeps
\par                skipping my favourite track? 
\par           Client enhancements: 
\par           The behaviour and number of sub forms has altered. 
\par                The playlist form gets told of song / playlist changes, and is a bit more efficient/stingy about getting
\par                the entire playlist. 
\par                There is a volume and balance form that works interactively. Sorry, the initial values of these are
\par                nonsense until you move them. This isn't my fault, and I'm trying to think of a way around it. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     05/03/00 fourth release - major upgrade of the server
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          New Features: 
\par           new server approach
\par           The server is no longer a stand-alone exe, but a generic plugin loaded in-process by winamp upon startup.
\par           - what this gives you is a single-click winamp server.
\par           The server can be monitored by going to Plugins > General > Configure and selecting the pmmsoft RPC
\par           interface entry.
\par           The server can be configured to use different ports on the fly, and the settings are persistent.
\par           Warnings are issued for all RFC1060 ports (which didn't include http ?!) -and http.
\par           You should only use such ports if you really have to, and you know what you are doing. 
\par           new features to the interface
\par                The client remembers the endpoint settings at the last shutdown, and also hides itself to the taskbar if
\par                it was shut down from the taskbar, but only if the initial connect to the server was successful. 
\par                The client can now show the current song title, and the winamp version. 
\par                The full playlist is available, and can be deleted/added to using add files with a right-click menu. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     05/03/00 third release - major upgrade of the interface
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          New Features: 
\par           interface redesign
\par           The server is now intended to be entirely a pass-through server
\par           - as winamp gains capabilities, the client can be altered to exploit them, and different/new ideas can be
\par           tried in the client(s?) without alteration of the server.
\par           The server interface is independent of the previous version, and they can run side by side. 
\par           Winamp status is now returned!
\par           Winamp's playing status is polled every second, where the RPC call succeeds, and every 5s after a failure.
\par           The status is displayed on the new-look form and the taskbar. 
\par           Client is now registry aware - settings are per user, and loaded/saved on startup/shutdown.
\par           Some more options, and a few cosmetic alterations. 
\par           Pause now checks for the status, and displays the appropriate action.
\par           More crucially, pause checks winamp's state and only pauses where appropriate (this can catch people
\par           out otherwise in an office). 
\par           The old style interface for sending strings appears to be broken in winamp V2.6 (access violation and
\par           crashes out)
\par           so, have to change approach. This means add directory does not work - don't know why.
\par           However, add file accepts multiple files, so no great loss there. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     15/02/00 second release 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Bug Fixes: 
\par           Add file/playlist/directory was broken in the last version
\par 
\par           sorry!
\par 
\par           now fixed, though I will be putting a bit more thought into this whole area
\par           re: machines not on an NT domain - any suggestions, anyone?
\par           Stay tuned. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\lang2057\cgrid {     05/02/00 first release candidate
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {          Features: 
\par           Client 
\par           Networking
\par           Uses tcp/ip and (through no effort of my own )WINS to allow local machine names and port nos to be
\par           specified for the server. 
\par           Server
\par           Simply start it up, the port is hard-coded (sorry), and the machine name and the port number are
\par           displayed.
\par           If winamp is running on that machine, it should be able to send messages to it, as far as I know.
\par           There is minimal messaging for errors. 
\par           Fatal Problems/Bugs: 
\par           OpenGL
\par           None known of, though there are some problems I have in debugging that don't appear to be reproducible
\par           in 'real life'. 
\par           Windows95
\par           Windows 95a doesn't have the MS OpenGL as a default; win95b upwards do, so the inclusion of the
\par           OpenGl libraries is intended as a convenience. Having said that, anyone encountering display problems on
\par           their system could try installing with that options, as they are the target I built and tested against.
\par           Use the included dlls, and the recommendation is to install them in app. directory 
\par           Windows98
\par           None known 
\par           WindowsNT4
\par           None Known 
\par           Non-Fatal/UI Problems/Bugs: 
\par           Many, no doubt. I am perfectly open to suggestions for enhancements, though I should point out that the
\par           client application employs the full set of documented winamp commands I am [a] aware of [b] could get to
\par           work. A case in point is Add Directory, which had to disappear with the advent of winamp 2.6, as one of
\par           the IPC methods used to communicate with it invariably crashed winamp, and the other just does nothing. 
\par 
\par }{
\par }}